about updates i invoke and present
official change description
Update 5.2 is a lot for what
changed ej15 bla bla yards already
got out
and so hello world lidia is famous for its
relatively frequent new updates
and other change of champions and even
textures again these thousand words new move
apologize something more like that
you two things do not need my name is Maxim
this show league of legends on the couch all the most
fresh and new from the world and lola gebi
sports you learn from us and so drove in
update 5.2
roar and prepared for us a whole range
pleasant and unpleasant surprises
h13 champions have been changed
perhaps we will start with the loudest and
long-awaited change babe tristan
and and power removal of the deadly
flame power let's goodbye we
we will miss read and decide on
certain considerations remove this
subject referring to some imbalance
the gameplay was supposedly magicians became
Much stronger well Well magnesium is bad
or not yet difficult to judge by how
many have not learned to live
an active country so he is poker
wave your pen to the old tristan and
she started up almost to full
unrecognizability of what is generally very
well reflected in the course of the game for me
300 also partially underwent
change passive aiming skill
now increases attack range by 7
They are at level 9 Kushka remained the same
except that the icon has become prettier than Yashka
explosive projectile remember became so many times
cooler than before even though the passive effect
not changed but the active effect can
you quite pleased now
tristana fired elegant enemy
who can sum up increase
missile damage every attack
against target increase damage 25
percent and stacks up to four times
after four it is so charge
immediately explodes and the most interesting
perhaps in the updated defeat of the projectile
now you can attach the tower
this is probably good news for
lovers split-push the damage from the tower
rocket jump now increases by
25 percent for each explosive charge
charge but the coefficient of damage from the forces and
skills have been reduced from 80 percent to 50
as some so to speak
compensation ult expelling charge remained
unchanged except maybe
damage from strength skill that decreased a hundred
forty percent to 100
it's time for the rest of the beasts quickly
fox and reed also underwent
significant changes korea here and
decided to completely change the list
recommended items for these what
concerns skills then kitty spheres of deception with
dea lari more quick on the line
thanks to the new effect on the skill yet
sphere moves speed
movement greatly increased now
mobility no limit also been
improved school target search system
of this fire its use now
no longer invokes auto-attacks arias even
base magical damage from a spark was
increased ghostly jerk ult tepre
allows ari to jump over
more obstacles
but how did you enjoy the good news?
now cook sad faces because
as yashka charm is now no longer
increases damage to target by 20
percent as it was before a well good
whether these changes or not yet too early
to judge we can say with certainty
what to kill or finish this creepy
straining tail especially
more difficult
sad news for amateur on
pushbutton champions and forgive dross
you already give everybody a wave of the crescent
now no longer activates any
killers and also range
use of dancing shadows changed to 800
by 700
but I think that even these minor
changes will not affect the ability of a
if you kill almost anyone before
queries procast veteran league of legends they
also started up with some additions
It was feeling right now not getting
only the most not but i'm a true defender
fibers tibbers call earlier reminded
something like godzilla twisting everything on
your way
it turns out tiber took up fitness and
noticeably thinner which now allows him
pass between minions form mario there
to taste all the same small then morons
rather than the Soviet huge Medvedev
put your finger up and subscribe to
our channel and you get out of bronze for sure
I know that you are in cheese